c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\WorkerRole1.dll.config
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\WorkerRole1.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\WorkerRole1.pdb
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\Lucene.Net.Store.Azure.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\Lucene.Net.pdb
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\obj\Release\WorkerRole1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\obj\Release\WorkerRole1.dll
c:\users\psaraiya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DiningSearch\WorkerRole1\obj\Release\WorkerRole1.pdb
